that's awkward I know that you probably
hear this everywhere but the truth is
losing weight won't make you happier
it's making me feel guilty I still put
in chocolate into my macros because what
would my life hey guys what is up
welcome back to my channel thanks for
being here so today I'm going to be
tracking a full day of eating and
telling you about how I am calculating
and tracking my macros right now so this
is just meant to be a super quick video
to show you guys how easy it's been to
calculate my macros give you some
background on what macros are really
quickly I really just wanted to help you
guys because you said you were
interested on Instagram so macros are
short for macronutrients which refer to
proteins fats and carbohydrates these
are the three main macronutrients that
give you your calories in your diet so
they're what gives you energy this is
different from micronutrients which are
vitamins and other smaller minerals and
whatnot that do not contribute to your
caloric intake but do contribute to your
health in other ways so I'm just talking
about macros today what it really does
for you is it teaches you about your
diet it teaches you what is the
nutritional content that's inside your
diet and then you can start to eyeball
after you do it for a few months you
kind of know ok there's 30 grams of
protein in this chicken breast or
whatever because you're so used to
looking at food and then seeing it as
fuel rather than as kind of a I don't
know
rather than mindless eating it's just
really for me it really raised my
awareness so in the past I just think
about my phone in the past I calculated
my macros myself this is just what I've
learned and taught myself just from
other trainers being a trainer myself
it's just something that you
get into and I'm a total fitness and
heard so it's just something that's
always interested me but I found that
when I do it myself I kind of just lose
that accountability because no one's no
one's really helping you out with it
there's so many other things away in
your life it's kind of hard to keep
track of so this time around I wanted to
get some accountability going so I
decided to try out Lauren tic nurse
nutri elite app she's a coach on there
and what she does is she calculated your
macros and then she even readjusts them
every few weeks which is what you need
to do if you want to properly reach your
goals so I'm just gonna give you guys
kind of a little intro into the neutral
II app it's really easy to use you
basically just put your measurements
your weight your gender all the things
that they need to calculate your
metabolic rate and then they calculate
your baseline macros so mine are 129
grams of protein 66 grams of fat and 147
grams of carbs and she also just puts in
fiber 24 grams of fiber just something
nice to keep track of but fibers not on
micro nutrient so I already had my
morning matcha which I just drink much
instead of coffee because it's less
acidic for my first meal of the day I'm
going to have egg fried eggs on
whole-wheat sourdough bread and avocado
so here's my scale you can get on Amazon
for cheap oh this one is a mochi so so
we hit the on and then I just plop my
little bread on top and we got or it
doesn't know what it wants to be 41
grams of 42 great oh my god this side
it's really important to know what this
is if you're weighing food that cannot
just be put on top what you need to do
is take a container you put it on top of
your scale and then you zero it out
before you put the food inside the bowl
so you go like that then you add the
food on on top and then it gives you
just the weight of the bread alone so
that the bola is not a part of your
macro because you're not eating ceramic
[Music]
we smell like you like feel like I've
lost a child when I prematurely crack
the yolk on the pan
[Music]
the moment of truth
so one time I was recording actually
[Music]
okay so here's how I would put in that
meal that I just made so it go to today
which it's the 20 okay so for breakfast
I'm going to go I've already put in at
some point I put in this I scan the
barcode on this so I have a full wheat
sourdough right here I had 42 grams of
that so you can see you can just put in
the grounds and then you click Add and
it just populates right there so then
I'll add two eggs fried eggs large the
two quantities right there add boom I
had half of an avocado which sometimes
you can either way it out in grams or
sometimes they have serving size already
in there so it's just easier for me to
do that so just put that in and I also
what else I'm losing the ingredients
yeah that's it
okay so there you can see my breakfast
is in I'm also right now going to add my
morning matcha which consisted of vital
proteins matcha collagen powder one
scoop I also add a scoop of collagen
peptides to that for the protein so add
that in and then I add some almond milk
creamer about two tablespoons so that's
everything I've eaten this morning and
you can see now my calories my macros
have adjusted I have a 94 grams left of
protein I need to hit 39 in 111 per
carbs so Bon Appetit
Oh Sola Oh
it's been pretty easy so far it just
requires a couple things meal prepping
so if you're new to meal prepping I
would say start meal prepping before you
start trying to con your macros if we do
all at once it's gonna be very
overwhelming I would spend a couple
weeks just going grocery shopping on
Sunday going into the grocery store
having a plan for all the meals grocery
shop come home cook meals for about four
days four days worth of food and start
getting you stat routine and then after
a few weeks once that feels like your
normal life to you you can start to
measure out your food because counting
your macros really involves literally
you're gonna weigh out your food on a
scale which can be too obsessive for
someone who's never really even food
meal prepped it could be too time
consuming on this I'm counting my macros
is because I wanted to maintain my
muscle and just lose a little bit of fat
and I do not think I really need to do
this I really love my body how is I'm
really happy with it I'm confident I can
go to the spa right now and rock my
bathing suit I don't think that that's
really what it's about for me it's more
just a fun thing to do I love the idea
of seeing I love that you can literally
sculpt your body however you want so
it's a good opportunity to just really
ate my nutrition my goals my needs
see how I've been doing and you know
change things up because sometimes
things get boring head this is not for
everyone I don't think that you need to
count your macros in order to get in
shape I think that it's for you if
you're interested in educating yourself
on what you're eating I would say do it
for the process first rather than
looking for results you can do it for
results but I could find that it gets
you can get into kind of negative
headspace if you are limiting yourself
or restricting yourself so I asked you
if you felt pressure to get in shape for
the summer with all this stuff that's
just been everywhere I mean you see a
lot of summer get in shape ads and it
was 50/50 50% said yeah I feel pressured
the other 50 said no my body is ready
and I just thought that was really
interesting because if you feel like
your body is ready that's awesome and if
you feel like you're feeling pressure to
work out and get fit for summer I just
think that you really have to look
inside and ask yourself why you're
feeling that pressure if you're if
there's something you're unhappy with
it's not really going to change just by
losing weight I know that you probably
hear this everywhere but the truth is
losing weight won't make you happier it
really comes from a deeper place than
that and that's also I don't suggest
counting macros if you're looking for
happiness I mean it's just not something
that brings anyone happiness to track
their macros hmm you know it's it's a
lot of work but it will get your results
and if you have a good attitude and you
kind of approach it like a challenge and
like a learning opportunity then it's
kind of fun I don't want anyone to be
feeling pressure that I'm posting this
and saying that I'm trying to lose
weight I'm not trying to lose weight I'm
just trying to color this that off show
some of that hard-earned muscle reveal
it a little bit more through my through
my skin and have fun while I'm at it so
that's why I'm documenting this for you
guys hey guys so we're back in the
kitchen only difference is I'm now
wearing a stiffer enchain of gray
because I filmed something I need so I'm
going to pack my I'm gonna pack my mmm
actually maybe I'll just eat it now I'm
gonna eat my lunch now before I leave I
mean
[Music]
hate that feeling when you're like I'm
gonna see isn't a new romantic ever I
made a chicken dish it's ground chicken
in a tomato sauce that I made it from
scratch this is really good for a meal
prep because it's plain but it has a lot
of flavor through the tomato zero it out
[Music]
now I know from experience I'm gonna be
at about 140 grams which yields 38 grams
of protein that's a lot but yeah so I'm
trying to get up into the hundred and
forty here all right I swear we have 58
ninety-four
hundred forty-seven tickle a bite out
140 nailed it
add to this dish are some broccoli and
zucchini that I ice teams of broccoli
and I baked the zucchini usually what I
do is I'll just I'll just take the lid
off of a Tupperware this is a good hack
actually I'll take the lid off it
somewhere cause it's light and then I'll
just place it on the tray and then I'll
zero it out and then I'll put the food
right in the little zucchinis I just
baked these at 400 some salt pepper
okay so 115 grams this is not a very
significant source of of macronutrients
I eat it more for the fiber and it's a
little bit of carbs but mostly for
actually the micronutrients because
vegetables have a lot of those vitamins
that you need so again take the lid off
throw it out it's just some broccoli
that's awkward
meet one on Y so it's 63 grams of the
broth so I'm entering at my now 8 8 or
grams yesterday okay
[Music]
that's in there transfer to my little
okay now you still microwave this and of
course
I still put in chocolate into my macros
because what would my life be if I can't
do that my choice of danger is Justin's
mmm no mini milk chocolate peanut butter
cups they're so good so I like where's
PJ if we're gonna be honest so I'm gonna
put into my app I'm gonna eat like one
or two right now hey guys so I just
finished eating lunch and I'm going to
need to run out the door this evening
which means that I'll have to do a
little bit of planning ahead to get the
rest of my macros in so I thought I
would show you how I do okay so here's
the deal this is all my breakfast and
this is the lunch I just ate and I still
need 48 grams protein 21 grams of fat
and 82 grams of carbs and I usually what
I do is I have snack and then dinner so
I'm gonna go ahead and add my snacks and
now which I'm gonna pack in my bag I'm
gonna have a yogurt it's an Icelandic
style the skyr non-fat yogurt and
vanilla
I've already scanned this in before so
it's here that is 15 grams of protein
yogurt and cottage cheese like low-fat
versions of those are great for counting
macros because they're usually really
high in protein I also am going to add
in either an apple or an orange
I'll put an apple here because it's
easier to eat and I know I won't have a
lot of time okay good
so then you can see I'm doing well with
this and then tonight I'm gonna have a
steak and veggies I will have to go
weigh that out next but before I leave
and I will probably also have some more
chocolate and if I have some leftover
that I need to to get in actually this
should put me it right down I should be
pretty good at that point but yeah I
just wanted to give you guys an example
of how you can kind of plan ahead so I
hope that helped that was really just to
give you idea of what you can do if
you're leaving in the morning at work at
like 7 a.m. you can go ahead and just
load all your food up into the
and just eat everything you packed so
then you don't even have to think about
food for the whole day which is in my
mind amazing for me it's like a
distraction from the rest of my day just
sometimes you know it's just like you
just want to get your stuff done and if
your foods already planned out it can be
really productive so I hope that you
guys enjoyed this video I hope it was
helpful if you have any questions please
let me know in the comments I'll answer
them and if you found this helpful
please give it a like give it a thumbs
up and subscribe to my channel and I'll
see you guys next time bye
[Music]